---
layout: post
title: Busy
---

I think I like being busy. 
I swear, the happiest periods of my life, I’m working towards something. More than one thing. I just need to have multiple things going at once. 

When I was in college, I scheduled the crap out of my time. I do one hour of this and one hour of that. I learned a new term today in training called a circuit workout where you do exercise A > B > C and then A > B > C again. That’s essentially how I organized my time in college. 

I would have 3 classes a quarter often two technical and one humanities. I can be technical but I need to rest that part of my brain after an hour. Guess what I'm gonna do? That reading from the humanities class.

I feel like I’m getting into that rhythm again lately. If I have to lay out what I want to spend my time learning it would be 
1. Swift UI
2. Bodybuilding (there is some science in it)
3. Maybe some android or combine 
Now, 1 and 3 comes with my subscription on rayWenderlich, it would hurt if I paid for a whole year and didn’t actually use enough of it. 

2 I also recently bought a course for this. It’s with Jeremy ethier . I don’t know why I spent so much on intangibles. I mean, I guess the things I do at work is software and software is intangible, so it’s probably the same?

If I have to layout what I want to do with my free time it would be 
1. Movies on Netflix 
2. Walking at the park 
3. Look at Reddit for the memes 

They say if you tell your friends what you’re gonna do. You might actually stick to your plans. Something about cognitive dissonance. So here we go. 

What I learned in meditation is that you need to enjoy the process. Otherwise nothing is gonna stick. willpower only sustains so long. 

Also I’m typing this on my phone. Because markdown formatting is stupid simple. 

